does staring at the computer for hours
make you feel tired do you suffer from
frequent aches and pains looks like you
could use some help with organ aam --ax
economics or human factors is the
scientific discipline concerned with the
understanding of interactions among
humans and other elements of a system
and in other words it's about you and
the things you can do to make your
workspace more comfortable for example
using a computer involves a lot of
repetitive motions like typing and using
a mouse over time these motions can take
their toll on your body if you arrange
your workspace with ergonomic sin mind
you can avoid things like eye strain and
neck and back pain here are some tips to
help you stay comfortable and productive
make sure you place your chair so you're
sitting in a natural comfortable
position you may need to adjust the
height so your feet are touching the
ground mind your posture many office
chairs are even designed to give you
extra support where you need it for
example in the lower back and on the arm
rests position your keyboard at a
comfortable height your wrist should be
straight and relaxed to avoid any strain
a keyboard tray might help if your desk
has one you can also try an ergonomic
keyboard which generally has extra
support for your wrists or a shape
designed to fit the natural placement of
your hands if possible place your mouse
right next to the keyboard otherwise
it's going to be hard to reach if you do
start to feel any pain you might want to
look into certain products that can give
you extra cushioning for example a pad
in front of your keyboard or this glove
designed to elevate and support your
wrist
your monitor should be a comfortable
distance away from your eyes somewhere
between 20 to 40 inches it should also
be at eye level or slightly lower this
is your best chance of reducing eye
strain another way to avoid strain and
fatigue is to take frequent breaks for
example look away from the monitor every
once in a while 20 20 20 is a good rule
to follow every 20 minutes focus your
eyes on an object 20 feet away for 20
seconds you can even download apps
that'll remind you when it's time to
take a break
basically you want to get up
occasionally walk around have a snack
whatever it takes to avoid sitting in
the same position for too long
debris and general clutter is another
thing that can affect your productivity
it can also lead to strain or injury if
you're not careful so if you have
paperwork or supplies that can be put
away it's best to store them somewhere
instead of leaving them on your desk
let's review with a little attention to
organ ah max you can take your workspace
from this to this and that's all it
takes to stay healthy and comfortable
while using your computer